What is this word?
This kind of kid we learn to use apology.
Sorry, I'm so guilty
Take one step further
Your woman will not be protected.
If you let go, there will be a dog's life and meat.
Why should I order you now?
Traffic conditions
otherwise
I'll let him out of here for a while. You dare me. I dare you.
do what i say
Traffic conditions are mysterious
The mystery is here
Do you and the others think I'm involved in this? I'll go over there
You mistakenly believe that public security is a high wall of strength. I will pass through it.
Although he was not allowed to die,
What do you want
Then how to lean on yourself?
Expensive hands offer tenderness